getBoxType = model
getBrand = brand
getDisplayType = displaytype 
getHaveAVJACK = avjack
getHaveHDMIinFHD = hdmifhdin
getHaveHDMIinHD =  hdmihdin
getHaveRCA = rca
getHaveSCART = scart
getHaveSCARTYUV = scartyuv
getHaveYUV = yuv
getImageType = imagetype
getMachineBrand = displaybrand
getMachineBuild = model
getMachineMtdRoot = mtdrootfs
getMachineName = model
getDriverDate = driversdate
getImageDistro = distro
getDisplayType = displaytype
getFeedsUrl = feedsurl
getImageBuild = imagebuild
getImageVersion = imageversion
getMachineMake = machinebuild
getImageDevBuild = imagedevbuild
getImageFolder = imagedir
getImageFileSystem = imagefs
getMachineMtdKernel = mtdkernel
getMachineKernelFile = kernelfile
getMachineUBINIZE = ubinize
getMachineMKUBIFS = mkubifs
